finally for month traffic
it's a football club it's bolton
in fact it's like that so welcome
hello welcome on the set of the
laos come new event film from
panu which will be broadcast soon on
the 30
robert pires with the main too
reputedly has this interview under
Chinese pottery form
hello hello thank you for coming to be
present then if you were a club of
soccer
a football club here is arsenal okay
if you were an Italian football club
from serial to
I would say
milan ac
as if you were a football club
the league at I will be the real of madrid
ok ok the south football tag
American
I will be in the junior case of agreement then the
trick question if you were a stage of
soccer
a football stadium i would tell you ivory
fortunately there is no longer there is a
stage that I would have liked to do I did
not done unfortunately it's the one of
our by the benne bomb okay the
bombonera for the big derby against
lille
okay if you were a final end
of the world
oh everything you created in 1915
question
03/06 maybe
champions league final
I maintain ours 6
he does not agree, but it's a good match
3 3
the signal woman at 3 033 the miracle
okay if you were a coach e
time
I would say Arsene Wenger is the second
top
awesome
so if you were the most beautiful goal
all competitions
good it's not really a trap but
would have had the chance to score a few
goals
I like it I like it I like it
still
the first I forgot with
the france team against turkey
Yes
if you were
technical
I had
to do on the ball
stop going back
I believe that
what I have 2
m
and
I have always been present clubs
what's funny is that I was waiting
looking forward to the departure of deschamps
are the most famous broken
linking this date he left in 2000
I jumped on it I took
okay we change discipline if they
wanted an American basketball club
of m
because I know I came here you
was in London
exactly for
mx of honor because they stop
there are two teams that I like
the first is oklahoma city
Kevin during and after the new
frankly I like the place
before jean agree that after
particularly
frenchy touch let's say tony parker
it's perfect then if you were a
Olympic champion but all
disciplines combined to the past
present
because the covers
it's too late
I do not know anymore
I end up with maybe three at one
movie that deals with the universe on
the sporting world
head no
last it is a car car of
footballer
new footballer cars I 'll be
would be heavenly
thank you whole